The following are the assumptions that we made while implementing this project

Assumptions:

1. We are simulating this project for total of 5000 incoming cars in the parking lot.

2. The simulation is said to be run for 24 hours which is equivalent to 1440 minutes. For our future
   work we will test it for >24 hours as per the instructions of our professor.

3. As illustrated in the requirement, we have taken into account of 64 cluster within the parking lot. 
   Each cluster has 40 parking spots. These 64 clusters are distributed among 16 group centers with each group center having
   4 clusters. In addition, we have 4 different Region centers in a parking lot with each region having 4 different group centers.
   For more information refer the spotnumber.txt, which gives the detailed information of spot location details in the parking lot.

4. The disk bandwidth 200MB/s is expressed in minutes which is 12000MB/min. This disk bandwidth is considered to calculate the time it takes
   to store data tolocal drive. This information is collected from hennessy-patterson text book as mentioned in the requirement. 

5. The arrival and departure of flight details are read from input files. These arrival and departure of flight details are generated programmatically.
   More information about generation of arrival and departure flight details are mentioned in Readme.txt. 
   In addition, the arrival time of a car is assumed to be an hour before the flight departure and the departure time of a car is assumed to be an 
   hour after the flight arrival.

   When the simulation starts since all the spots are occupied in the parking lot, we know the information about the departure time of a car and the
   arrival time of a car is assumed to be zero. 

6. The departure time of a car for car 1-2560 is calculated with the help of a function which randomly generates the departure time.
   The departure time and arrival time of a car for car 2561-5000 is calculated with the help of the input file.

7. We assumed the VM size of each job to be in the range 1000-3000MB.

8. We also assumed that it takes 6 seconds to complete 1MB of job.

8. We assume that amount of data each job produces is 4 times the Virtual Machine size.

9. Total job duration time is sum of time it takes to complete the job of virtual machine size, time it takes to store it to local hard disk of a car,
   data replication time to same cluster and data replication to different cluster of same region.

10. We calculated the data storage time to the local hard disk with the help of the HD bandwidth provided.
  
11. We calculated the data replication time to same cluster with the help of the wireless link bandwidth provided.
 
12. We calculated the data replication time to same region but in a different cluster with the help of the wired 
    and wireless link bandwidths provided.

13. We assumed there are 2560 spots in the parking lot.

14. We are running our simulation for total of 5000 jobs.

15. In our case, car is said to be turned away if at the arrival time of the car, there are no parking spots available.

16. Data replication of a job starts when we hit the middle of job, meaning when the half of the job is done. Minimum of 3 replicas are stored
    one in the local disk of a car, car belonging to same cluster and a car belonging to different cluster of same region. We replicate the data
    to a car having maximum departure time at that particular time of the simulation. 

17. We calculated the maximum time it takes to migrate a job. In our case, the max VM size is 3 GB and with the wired and wireless links we will get
    10 minutes for max time for migration of the largest job to the farthest car. 	

 






	


